Extend templates extension docs (#3663)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/modules/core.rst

  and the time after (:code:`ms_after`) to ensure that you have a full waveform. Because waveforms occur on multiple channels with multiple
  samples this can be a big data structure.
* :code:`templates` are calculated from the raw waveform data and are used for downstream analyses

>   (e.g. :code:`spike_amplitudes` are calculated based on the templates). This raises the question: if the :code:`templates` are all we need,

Reviewer: But let's be honest the Beatles taught us best--Love is all we need :P

>   then why computing and saving the :code:`waveforms`? Well, there are two ways to obtain :code:`templates` data: 1) directly from the raw data (based on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  then why compute and save the :code:`waveforms`? Well, there are two ways to obtain :code:`templates` data: 1) directly from the raw data (based on the
```

In this case we don't use the present participle

You would have to say 

```
then why are we computing and saving the waveforms
```
to use the present participle. So either option works. but for the ing we would a helping verb (are is, etc).
